Improve API documentation for WebSub Module (#226)
ballerina-platform/module-ballerina-websub: README.md

This package provides the capability to easily implement a WebSub compliant **Subscriber Service**.

> For more information, go to [The WebSub Module](https://ballerina.io/learn/api-docs/ballerina/websub/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information, go to the [`websub` module](https://ballerina.io/learn/api-docs/ballerina/websub/index.html).
```

For example demonstrations of the usage, go to [Ballerina By Examples](https://ballerina.io/learn/by-example/).
## Issues and Projects

> Issues and Projects tabs are disabled for this repository as this is part of the Ballerina Standard Library. To report bugs, request new features, start new discussions, view project boards, etc. please visit Ballerina Standard Library [parent repository](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Issues and Projects tabs are disabled for this repository as this is part of the Ballerina Standard Library. To report bugs, request new features, start new discussions, view project boards, etc., go to the [Ballerina Standard Library parent repository](https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-standard-library).
```
